Update readme (#18)
iiasa/emissions_harmonization_historical: data/national/gfed-bb4cmip/data_raw/README.md

```sh
# Comma-separated list
# You can search with esgpull search e.g. `venv/bin/esgpull search --all project:input4MIPs mip_era:CMIP6Plus source_id:DRES-CMIP-BB4CMIP7-1-0 grid_label:gn`
variable_ids_to_grab="BC,CH4,CO,CO2,N2O,NH3,NOx,OC,SO2,gridcellarea" # TODO: specify downloads for list of NMVOC, too
venv/bin/esgpull add --tag bb4cmip --track variable_id:"${variable_ids_to_grab}" project:input4MIPs mip_era:CMIP6Plus source_id:DRES-CMIP-BB4CMIP7-1-0 grid_label:gn
venv/bin/esgpull update -y --tag bb4cmip
venv/bin/esgpull download
```

> This download is big (>10GB), and download errors can occur. If you run into them, e.g. get an `Aborted!` error like [this](https://github.com/iiasa/emissions_harmonization_historical/pull/13#pullrequestreview-2377875682), you can restart the download by doing:
> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This download is big (>10GB), and download errors can occur. If you run into them, e.g. get an `Aborted!` error like [this](https://github.com/iiasa/emissions_harmonization_historical/pull/13#pullrequestreview-2377875682), you can restart the download by doing (full esgpull docs are here: https://esgf.github.io/esgf-download/):

```sh
```
